### Artist Page
10/12/2020

The goal for this project was to create a small website on the artist of my choice. I was able to choose from any type of artists: visual, musical, etc. The requirements for the project was for me to use Flexbox and Grid along with an image gallery. Before starting on this project I had to make an inventory list for the website on what pictures I was going to be using, from the information that was needed to have a completed list. On top of that, I came up with some psuedo code before I started anything so that I could visually see some structure. Next, I had to make sketches to draw out how I wanted the layout to be. There were two different types of page layout that I created: one for desktop and the other for mobile. Putting the pencil aside, we then had to put our sketches into a more refined diagram, which is why I used Figma to create some wireframes. Finally bringing everything together to show my appreciation for Kim Jung Gi and honor his amazing illustrations he has produced through-out the years.

The are only a handful of technologies that I used with the project. One of them is Animista. Animista is a great CSS library that helps you with animating anything from images to text. The most important library that I used on this project was called Lightbox. This technology helped me greatly. When images are clicked on, the page will apply a smooth transition of the image into fullsize/fullscreen slightly bluring anything around it. On top of that, there are directional buttons (left and right) that points you to the previous or next images. This library is used by so many developers and now I know why.